LSC Review ------------  

1. The author list is appropriate.  

2. The paper uses no real data.  

3. The paper makes no statements about what the LSC will or will not do (but
see one comment below).  

4. The references to work within the collaboration are appropriate.  

5. LIGO references are up to date.  

6. LVC computing resources are acknowledged.  

One (minor) issue relevant to the LVC review is the following: in the abstract
and throughout the paper, the authors claim that parameter estimation on a
black hole signal takes O(10^5-10^6 seconds) (i.e. 1 to 10 days). I do not
think this is an accurate description of our current performance (to say
nothing of the performance of new libraries coming online for PE). For example,
the author's own BBH PE runs took O(10^3 seconds); even allowing for these
being very high-mass signals, the claim overstates the cost of PE by an order
of magnitude or two.   The authors should modify this claim throughout the
manuscript.  

Scientific / Other Comments ----------------------------  

A number of the LaTeX links to sections, equations, and figures return ?? at
the moment.  

It would be interesting for the authors to speculate on the performance effects
of (1) the much better determination of, e.g., chirp mass for long signals and
(2) the effect of the multi-modality / highly correlated shape of the
posteriors on sky location, polarization, etc. encountered in a "full"
parameter run.  

It seems to me that there is a deep connection between the methods proposed
here and so-called "likelihood free" analysis methods (see, for example,
https://arxiv.org/abs/1903.00007); both attempt to learn and reproduce the
joint distribution of parameters and data in a reduced-dimension space in order
to produce the posterior distribution at fixed data. It would be worth some
discussion/citation of LFI methods in the manuscript.  

The implementation described in this manuscript encodes the prior in its
distribution; there is some power in the LFI methods that attempt to learn
instead the *likelihood* p(y | x) as these can be combined with *any* prior in
post-processing. Could something similar be done here?
